v2 volume: replace backendStoreDriver with dataEngine in v1.6.0 (#861)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/references/storage-class-parameters.md

 
> More details in [RWX Workloads](../../advanced-resources/rwx-workloads/#notice)

#### Data Engine *(field: `parameters.dataEngine`)*
> Default: `"v1"`  

>   - Use "v2" to run the V2 Data Engine (experimental in 1.6)  If empty, "v1" is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Specify "v2" to enable the V2 Data Engine (preview feature in v1.6.0). When unspecified, Longhorn uses the default value ("v1").
```
